Edits to DOCS-1076 - Documenting PGD 5.6.1 #6210 (#6298)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5.6/index.mdx

## Compatibility

> EDB Postgres Distributed 5 is compatible with PostgreSQL, EDB Postgres Extended, and EDB Postgres Advanced versions 12-17. See the [Compatibility](compatibility) for more details, including compatibility with different operating systems and architectures.

Author: ```suggestion
EDB Postgres Distributed 5 is compatible with PostgreSQL, EDB Postgres Extended, and EDB Postgres Advanced versions 12-17. See [Compatibility](compatibility) for more details, including information about compatibility with different operating systems and architectures.
```
